If you're finished with a cluster and want to clean things up so
you aren't getting charged for idle resources,
you'll first delete the load balancer service by using kubectl delete service,
then the name of the load balancer service.
Next, you'll delete the cluster with az aks delete,
name of the resource group, and name of the cluster.
If you're no longer using the images you pushed to the registry,
you'll want to delete those as well using the az acr repository delete command
with the name of the repository and image as parameters.
If you're really cleaning up,
you can remove the entire resource group with az group
delete and the name of the group.
As part of deleting the resource group,
it will automatically get rid of the container registry
and container images in that group.
Run kubectl get service to double check the name of your load balancer service.
Then you can run kubectl delete service, then the name of the service.
Next we'll run az aks delete to delete the demo
cluster in the kube demo resource group.
Again, this will probably take several minutes so I'm going to fast forward.
A trip back to the portal under Kubernetes services
will show there are no more clusters.
Next, we'll take care of the 2.0 image from the repository.
Yes, we want to delete it.
Going back to the console, we can see the 1.0 tag is still there,
but the 2.0 tag is gone.
I'll go ahead and show deleting a resource group to take
care of the registry and the 1.0 image.
Keep in mind that you would only want to do this if you are
completely done with the resource group.
Let me say that again.
Do not delete the resource group unless you are totally done
with everything in the resource group.
This may take a few minutes, but when it's done,
we can go back to the container registries and see there is nothing there.
Congratulations!
You can now use the Azure Kubernetes Service.
You've gone through an entire application lifecycle; creating,
scaling, updating, and deleting.
Now you can try it out with your own app.
I encourage you to also check out the modules on AWS and
Google so you can decide for yourself which cloud Kubernetes service makes the most sense for you.